Add blas_symbol_suffix CMake option for symbol-suffixed BLAS libraries (#129)
icl-utk-edu/blaspp: CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
  - Added `blas_symbol_suffix` option (and `BLAS_FORTRAN_SUFFIX` compile
    define) for linking against BLAS libraries whose Fortran symbols carry
    a suffix, e.g. OpenBLAS built with `INTERFACE64=1 SYMBOLSUFFIX=64_`
    exports `dgemm_64_`. Empty (default) preserves existing behavior. When
    set, the OpenBLAS search probe links `-lopenblas${blas_symbol_suffix}`.
    Supported by both the CMake and Make (`configure.py`) builds.
  - The OpenBLAS search now also probes `-lopenblas64`, so the ILP64 build

>     Debian/Ubuntu ship as `libopenblas64` is found automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    on Debian/Ubuntu shipped as `libopenblas64` is found automatically.
```
